Mission 1: Night Raid - Ambleteuse, France
	Objective: Raid the Soviet Base in Ambleteuse and Establish a Frontline Base.

	Objective 1: Destroy the flak base on the Ambleteuse seaside.
	Objective 2: Capture the Soviet radar to blind enemy.
	Objective 3: Destroy the Soviet base in Ambleteuse.

	1. Tanya Swin to the beach.
	2. Arrow point to the flak gun on the beach.
	3. After Tanya bomb the flak gun, dawnhawk transport load 3 engis and 2 snipers come to the beach.
	4. Helicopter go away.

Mission 2: Snowblind - Stantsiya Svyazi, Soviet Russia
	Brief:
		The night raid in Ambleteuse is strong and powerful, but not enough.
		The Soviet will fight back soon, so we need to let them know what a real pain is.
		The intel has discovered a nuke launcher will be sent to Germany, so we will land a group of tactical force to Stantsiya Svyazi, Soviet Russia.

	Objective: Raid the Soviet nuclear base and destroy the nuke launcher.

	Objective 1: Destroy the Soviet camp at the foothill.
	Objective 2: Destroy the Soviet base at the foothill.
	Objective 3: Search and destroy the nuke launcher before it escape.

	Failure: All units destroyed.

Mission 3: Vesper - Rotterdam, Netherland
	Brief:
		The operation has done well, but it seems that is only an ordinary missile launcher, well, our intel isn't always right.
		However, according to the London HQ, one of our brilliant spy from the MI6 has escaped from Berlin but trapped in Netherland.
		His name is George Blake, and he holds most important information about Soviet military deployment in Germany.
		Our mission is head to Rotterdam, Netherland, and rescue Mr. Blake.

	Objective: Rescue George Blake at Rotterdam.

	Objective 1: Destroy the Soviets guards.
	Objective 2: Rescue George Blake from the Soviet detention center.
	Objective 3: Destroy the Soviet reinforcements head to Rotterdam.

	Failure: Mr.Blake lost.

Mission 4: The Desolation - Emden, Germany
	Brief: 
		Mr.Blake has brought us a huge amount of information about Soviet troops in Germany.
		General Corbin thinks he isn't trustable, but our intel claims they've had a full inquiry that he has no problem. General wants you to examinate his loyalty.
		As Mr.Blake described, the radiation trooper you've seen during the rescue mission is called desolator, and the Soviets are sending nuclear material to Germany, in order to supply their desolator force.
		Our mission is to stop them, cut their ammo from the source and ease our counter attack in the future.

	Objective: Destroy the Radiation Convoy.

	Objective 1: Find the Soviet supply outpost.
	Objective 2: Destroy the vanguard of the convoy.
	Objective 3: Destroy the nuclear material truck.

	Failure: Nuclear material truck leaves/ All units destroyed.

Mission 5: Arctic Mayhem - Thuler Air Base, Greenland
	Brief:
		The operation in Emden is brilliant, the Soviets are force to send more troops to deal with the radiation polution there.
		The Americans are sending more troops to Britain, but Burmuda has been captured by the Soviets and they have built an airbase there.
		General decided to change the transportation route to Greenland, and he want to you to guarantee the safety of Thule air base.

	Objective: Defense the Thule air base.

	Failure: All flights destroyed.

Mission 6: PHAEDRA Operation - Normandy, France
	Brief:
		Our time has come! The Allied Forces has gathered plenty of landing crafts, it's time to liberate Paris!
		Operation name PHAEDRA, we are going to land on the Normandy Beach.

	Objective: Destroy the Soviet forces in Normandy beach.

	Objective 1: Build a frontline base.
	Objective 2: Support the ally.
	Objective 3: Destroy the Soviet base.