Sub umbra bellum æternum, nemo potest abscondere a cataclysmo.


Storyline:

Background:
1951 - Failure of Korean War
The United Nation Force cannot push further more to North Korea, while the Soviet Union has greatly increased its military force, and support the North Korea with its air forces on battlefield. "MiG Alley", this is the way the UN air force called it.

1952 - Reshuffle
Due to the subpar performance on the battle, the Washington DC decided to reshuffle the United Nation Force to the Allied Force, with standardised arsenal and intel. After negotiation with United Kingdom and France, the Allied headquarters has been set up in Brussel, Belgium. the Allied forces also launched its new battle tank project to replace the old armours such as M4A3 Sherman and M26 Pershing. 

1953 - Return to the East
After several months of regroup, the Allied forces declare to intervene the Korean peninsula. With newly organised equipments and tactical structure, the Allied forces has easily pushed beyond the 38th parallel north.
At this moment, the head of Soviet Union is experiencing change of power: with the death of Iosef Stalin, Nikita Khrushchev has taken the lead of the Soviet Union. In order to centralise the power, Khrushchev has a secret meeting with Soviet generals, and discuss the possibility of wipeout the Allied forces in Europe.

1954 - The Troop Vacuum
With the Soviet air support, the Korean People's Army and the People's Volunteer Army has hold the line. Therefore, Brussel decided to transport more reinforcements from Europe to Korean peninsula. However, this decision vacuums the troops and arms in Europe, and the newly formed KGB sends this information to Kremlin.
Not long after that, riots happens in west Berlin, and east Berlin police cross the border for riot control. Then, the Soviet Army also cross the border to support the police, and refuse to leave after the operations. Two weeks later, the Soviet Union condemns that the Allied had shoot down two Soviet cargo planes, and threat the Allied force to leave the Korean peninsula. 
One night after the Allied refuse to leave, the Soviet army starts to invade the West Germany. A weeks later, the Soviet army has taken West Germany and Austria. Three days later, Italy declares to join the Soviet side.

1955 - Prologue

Season 1 - 1955 ~ 1956
	Allied: Counter Strike
	Soviet: Red Dawn
Season 2 - 1957 ~ 1958

Season 3 - 1959 ~ 1962
	Allied: One Path End
	Soviet: Red Alert

Season 4 - 1963 ~ 1964
	Allied: War Eternal
	Soviet: 

Mission Types:
	SNEAK
	ATTACK
	DEFEND
	BATTLE
	RESCUE
	ESCORT

Allied Prologue:
Mission 0: Echo Of The Past - Dunkerque, France (Temperate) (DEFENSE)
	Objective: Protect transport to the port.

	Objective 1: Reinforce the Fort des Dunes.
		Fail: All buildings destroyed.
	Objective 2: Hold the line until retreat finished.
		Fail: All objects destroyed.
	Objective 3: Reach the evacuation zone.

Allied Campaign Season 1: Counter Strike
The Soviet troops have controlled half of the western Europe, and the Allied in England has started to fight back.


Mission 1: Night Raid - Ambleteuse, France [SNEAK]
	Brief:
		Our intel has discovered several possible breakthrough to Europe, and the London Headquater will launch a night raid soon.
		Destination, Ambleteuse. We have to establish a front base there, and this is our first step in Europe.

	Objective: Raid the Soviet Base in Ambleteuse and Establish a Frontline Base.

	Objective 1: Destroy the flak base on the Ambleteuse seaside.
	Objective 2: Capture the Soviet radar to blind enemy.
	Objective 3: Destroy the Soviet base in Ambleteuse.

	Failure: Tanya falls.

Mission 2: Two Of A Kind - Den Helder, Netherland [ATTACK]
	Brief:

	Objective 1:
	Objective 2:
	Objective 3:

	Failure: 

Mission 3: Vesper - Rotterdam, Netherland [RESCUE]
	Brief:
		We have successfully established another front base in Den Helder, and now we're able to send more troops to break into Europe.
		According to the London HQ, one of our brilliant spy from the MI6 has escaped from Berlin before the Soviet invasion, but now trapped in a safe room in Rotterdam.
		His name is George Blake, and he holds most important information about Soviet military deployment in Germany.
		Our mission is head to Rotterdam, and rescue Mr. Blake.

	Objective: Rescue George Blake at Rotterdam.

	Objective 1: Destroy the Soviets guards.
	Objective 2: Rescue George Blake from the Soviet detention center.
	Objective 3: Destroy the Soviet reinforcements head to Rotterdam.

	Failure: Mr.Blake lost.

Mission 4: Snowblind - October Revolution Island, Soviet Russia [ATTACK]
	Brief:
		We will start counter attack on Europe soon, but the Soviet has a nuclear base on the October Revolution Island that deters the Arctic Circle.
		To prevent any danger when we transporting troops to Greenland, we need to clear this base and destroy the nuke launchers there.

	Objective: Raid the Soviet nuclear base and destroy the nuke launcher.

	Objective 1: Destroy the Soviet camp at the foothill.
	Objective 2: Destroy the Soviet base at the foothill.
	Objective 3: Search and destroy the nuke launcher before it escape.

	Failure: All units destroyed.

Mission 5: Arctic Mayhem - Thule Air Base, Greenland [DEFEND]
	Brief:
		Obviously it's a trap. The Soviets knows transpotation will begin if we attack their arctic base.
		Now we have to do everything we can to stop the Soviets invading Greenland, and our next destination is Thule airforce base.

	Objective: Defense the Thule air base.

	Failure: Control tower destroyed.

Mission 6: Operation Dominus - Normandy, France [ATTACK]
	Brief:
		Our time has come! The Allied Forces has gathered plenty of landing crafts, it's time to liberate Paris!
		Operation name: Dominus. we are going to land on the Normandy Beach.

	Objective: Destroy the Soviet forces in Normandy beach.

	Objective 1: Build a frontline base.
	Objective 2: Support the ally.
	Objective 3: Destroy the Soviet base.

Allied Campaign Season 2 - 
Allied has successfully liberate France, but an interior mess has broke out.

Mission 1: Fishy - Fisherman's Bay,Vik, Iceland
	Objective: Destroy military base on Iceland.

Mission 2: 

Mission 3: One Path Ends
	Objective: Survive from the Soviet attacking.

	Objective 2: Capture the Satellite Telecom.
	<See a lot of Scud Missile Launcher>
	Objective 3: Breakthrough.

Mission 6: Victory or Death


Mission X: Homeland Defense - St.Combs, Aberdeenshire, UK
	Objective: Take the experimental away from Aberdeenshire.

Mission Y: Biohazzard - Quartzsite, Arizona, USA
	Objective: Defend Quartzsite from zombie flood.

Soviet Prologue:
Mission 0: No Quarter - Brussel, Belgium
	Objective: Destroy the Allied Headquarter

	Objective 1: Breakthrough the Allied defenses.
	Objective 2: Destroy the Allied headquarters.

Soviet Campaign Chapter 1: Red Dawn（赤色黎明）

Mission 1: Entanglement - Brest, France
	Brief:
		The Allied forces has retreat to the other end of the English Channel, and we have successfully taken Paris.
		However, another group of Allieds are still occupying Brittany. Harbour of Brest is continuously receiving supplies from the United Kingdom.
		Our mission is launch a sudden-strike, destroy the Harbour of Brest, and wipe out the Allied forces there.

	Objective: Defense the Allied attacks.

	Objective 1: 
	Objective 2: 
	Objective 3: 

	Troops has been bombed by the Allied Tropofortress.

Mission 2: Honour of the Waves (荣誉电波) - Ferrère, France [PUZZLE]
	Brief: 
		It is rather suspicious that Allied has precisely bombed the Harbour of Brest.
		According to National Security Committee, there are Allied movement in Encamp, Principality of Andora. Also, One of our spy has infiltrated Encamp, but lost connection.
		Lieutenant [] from National Security Committe will go with you, take back our spy, and destroy the Allied secret base.
		
	Objective: Find the Allied secret base and destroy it.
	Objective 1: Push into the village.
	Objective 2: Set up a radar and receive the radio wave.
	Objective 3: Find the Satellite Telecom.

	<You can win by destroy all bases, but if you destroyed the true telecom at first attack, you will be able to receive 10000 additional credits in the next episode.

Mission 3: Bitterfrost Frontier（苦寒战线） - Vladivostok, Soviet Russia
	Brief:
		According to report from Chinese Volunteer Army, the Allied are using biochemical weapon on the battlefield of Korea.
		They have already pushed all the way to Vladivostok, and we have to stop them.

	Objective: Defend Vladivostok.

	Objective 1: Defend Vladivostok.
	Objective 2: 
	Objective 3: Retreat from the bio-chemic chaos.


Mission 4: Crack the Ice（破冰行动） - Anchorage, Alaska [SNEAK]
	Brief: 
		Commander, good to see you alive after the biohazzard happened in Vladivostok.
		We've just passed some information of the Allied bio-chemic research facility in Alaska.
		Location, Anchorage. We are going to deploy our radar jammer there, and launch a sudden strike.
		Control the city, and destroy their bio-chemic research facility.

	Objective: 

	Objective 1: Place all pulse jammer to the designated position.
	Objective 2: Destroy the coast defense of the Allied forces.
	Objective 3: Search and destroy the Allied bio-chemical research facility.

Mission 5: Dark 'N' Stormy（黑暗风暴） - Bermuda, Atlantic [ATTACK]
	Brief:
		Our submarine battalion has observed some abnormal movements of the Allied ships.
		They've transported unknown equipments to St.Georges Island in the Bermudas.
		Your job is to launch an sudden strike to Bermudas, and find out what their plans are.

	Objective: Clear the Allied force on St.Georges Island and find the secret weapon.

	Objective 1: Destroy the defensive structures on the beach.
	Objective 2: Find the Allied secret weapon.
	Objective 3: Capture the Allied battle lab and analyse the data there.

Mission 6: Hold the Line（坚守阵地） - Normandy, France [DEFEND]
	Brief: 
		We have reported what's going on in Bermuda, and our intelligence are analysing the information.
		Our spy in the UK claims that the Allied forces will launch an attack on the Normandy beach.
		Commander, it's your turn to stop the Allieds from their counter attack.
	Objective: Defend the Normandy Beach.

	Objective 1: Build up a frontline base.
	Objective 2: Defend the beach.

	Final: The Allied uses its Weather Control Device and wiped out the Normandy frontline.

	Script:
		1. Allied landing craft on the beach, Soviet mig attacks it.
		2. More Allied landing craft coming, and allied tropofortress destroys the frontline defenses.
		3. Allied landing craft transport base and build structures.
		4. Start defending, timer start<Next Wave of Enemy: XX:XX>.
		<Gain Control>
		<AI Start Attacking>
		5. Lightning Storm coming.
		6.

Soviet Campaign Season 2

Mission 6: Order from Shadow (暗影指令) - Soviet Russia

	Commander, it is time to make your page of history.
	We must not sign the treaty with the Allieds, we have to fight to liberate the whole world.
	Now, our new leader, Brezhnev has just make his new order - Capture the on-vacation Khrushchev, and abolish his leadership.

	Objective: Raid the Vila of Khrushchev

Soviet Campaign Season 4
Mission 1: Out of the Shadows - 

Mission 2: Obscured Labyrinthe -

Mission 5: Tesla Shock（磁暴震荡） - Leipzig, Germany
	Objective: Stop the Allied Force and Start the Tesla Engine. (Tesla Locomotive)

Soviet Campaign Season 5
Mission 1: (Полноспектральное заградительное подавление)Full-spectrum Barrage Jamming - Moscow, Soviet Russia